Add vertical and horizontal scrollbars in collectionview docs. (#982)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/scrolling.md

> For a runnable demo with the CollectionView Programmatic Scrolling example, see the [SDKBrowser Demo Application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and go to the **CollectionView > Scrolling** category.

> ## ScrollBars

Reviewer: Use a consistent capitalization style for the term.
```suggestion
## Scrollbars
```

> The CollectionView exposes an option to set the visibility of the vertical and the horizontal scrollbars by using the `VerticalScrollBarVisibility` (`enum` of type `Microsoft.Maui.ScrollBarVisibility`) and `HorizontalScrollBarVisibility` (`enum` of type `Microsoft.Maui.ScrollBarVisibility`) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CollectionView exposes an option that sets the visibility of the vertical and the horizontal scrollbars by using the `VerticalScrollBarVisibility` (`enum` of type `Microsoft.Maui.ScrollBarVisibility`) and `HorizontalScrollBarVisibility` (`enum` of type `Microsoft.Maui.ScrollBarVisibility`) properties.
```

The available options for the `ScrollBarVisibility` enumeration are:
* `Default`&mdash;The visibility of the scrollbar will be the default for the platform based on the content and orientation.
* `Always`&mdash;The scollbar will be visible, regardless of the content or orientation.
* `Never`&mdash;The scrollbar will not be visible, regardless of the content or orientation.

> Review the the [Ensuring CollectionView Scrollbar is Always Visible on Android in a .NET MAUI application]({%slug collectionview-scrollbar-visible-android%}) article for more details how to display the vertical scrollbar on Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the the [Ensuring CollectionView Scrollbar is Always Visible on Android in a .NET MAUI application]({%slug collectionview-scrollbar-visible-android%}) article for more details on how to display the vertical scrollbar on Android.
```
